The CelO application helps families and groups of friends to organize birthday celebrations and other events. Organizers can keep track of which tasks have been completed and who attends. Attendees can indicate what they are bringing to the event.
For a small event, there is typically one organizer, but larger events require several organizers. An organizer provides their first and last name, their email address (which is also used as their username), their postal address, their phone number, and their password. Furthermore, an organizer indicates the kind of event that needs to be planned by selecting from a list of events (e.g., birthday party, graduation party…) or creating a new kind of event.
The start date/time and end date/time of the event must be specified as well as the occasion and location of the event.
The location can again be selected from a list, or a new one can be created by specifying the name of the location and its address. An organizer then invites the attendees by entering their first and last names as well as their email addresses. Sometimes, an organizer is only managing the event but not attending the event. Sometimes, an organizer also attends the event.
When an attendee receives the email invitation, the attendee can create an account (if they do not yet have an account) with a new password and their email address from the invitation as their username. Afterwards, the attendee can indicate whether they will attend the event, maybe will attend the event, or cannot attend the event.
An organizer can view the invitation status of an event, e.g., how many attendees have replied or have not yet replied and who is coming for sure or maybe will be coming.
When an organizer selects an event, an event-specific checklist is presented to the organizer. For example, a birthday party may have a task to bring a birthday cake. For each task on the checklist, an organizer can indicate that the task needs to be done, has been done, or is not applicable for the event.
An organizer can also add new tasks to the list, which will then also be available for the next event. For example, an organizer can add to bring birthday candles to the list for a birthday party and this task will then be available for the next birthday party, too. An organizer can also designate a task on the checklist for attendees to accomplish.
For example, an organizer can indicate that the birthday cake should be brought to the event by an attendee. If this is the case, then the list of tasks to be accomplished by attendees is shown to attendees that have confirmed their attendance to the event. An attendee can then select their tasks, so that the organizer can see who is bringing what to the event.